-: Welcome back.
In step five, we are going to deploy
all the manifests and then test it, okay?
So let's go ahead and then do that now.
So let's go back to our terminal
and I'll say CD0803
will be ALB NGINX context part basic routing.
So I'll say, "clear," and I'll say, "QCTL."
Apply -F and then cube manifest, right?
So once these things are created,
we can go ahead and then test them.
Okay, so I'll say, "QCTL get pods,"
and already NGINX one and NGINX two are running.
User management microservice will take a while, around,
around 90 seconds to get it up and running.
So I'll go back to get ingress
and then see that our ingress got created, right?
So it got created.
So let's go to our Amazon management console, right?
And then verify the stuff.
So you, if you want,
you can even verify the ingress controller logs
and all those things.
But you can leave them as is,
because earlier already,
we have tested in our previous section, right?
So it should be good, okay?
So QCTL, you get SVC also.
We need to see our note, three note port services,
which is app one NGINX note port service,
app two, and also user management.
So all these three things we should see.
Now come back, go to management console,
and go to EC2.
Right?
And in EC2, let's go to load balances, right?
In load balances.
So let's see the listeners.
In listeners,
let's see the we have only default
as 80 and we'll click on view our edit rules.
And now you can see that whatever the rules
you have written path based or routing rules, right?
So /app1 should go to this,
/app2 should go to something different,
and /tar should go to something different.
So three different target groups are created.
And then for those three different target groups,
target groups are nothing but your applications
you can consider, right?
And based on the path we are routing accordingly, right?
So now let's go back and go to the target groups.
And in target groups.
So let's start with one, okay?
So this is nothing but this is user management
health status, okay?
So this might take a while to get really started
and then ready for us.
So this is user management one, which is first one, okay?
So, and we have the second one, which is app one,
index start HTML, right?
So, and you can see that it is also getting registered,
it will take a while, but once it is registered,
we can even see the health status.
And the third one is app two index start HTML.
And it is also getting registered.
And it's a note port is 30032.
And same thing should be there
for these things also, 31745,
some dynamic note port from our worker notes.
So let's check them one more time.
So this is the thing,
so which is user management microservice
and they are healthy, right?
From both the notes, okay?
So we really don't need to worry about this picture here,
whatever I've shown, this user management note
port services across the worker notes.
Again, I am repeating the same thing for you.
So now the next thing is this one, okay?
And then in targets, let's see, app one also is healthy.
And let's go to app two and then refresh it.
And app two is also healthy.
So now let's go ahead
and then access our applications, right?
So ALB, DNS, URL, app1index.html, app two,
and then user management.
So let me clear this.
I'll say, "QCTL get NGINX."
So I try to get the DNS names as far
as possible from my command line only, okay?
So let me copy this and I'll go here
and then I'll start with stupid ://
and user MGMT/health status.
Right?
So it's up and running.
We should be good now.
Okay, so now one more I need to take.
Okay, so which is this should be :///app1/.
At the end, you can directly put slash and then enter,
or you can even say index.html, okay?
So welcome to Stack Simplify,
and you have the application as app one.
So we'll also add one more application now.
Is working or not?
Slow, I'll say app2/index.html.
Okay, so welcome to Stack Simplify.
This is app two.
So with that said, so we should be good
with all the three apps on the routing perspective,
whatever we have implemented.
Context part based routing.
So let's go ahead and then delete all these things,
whatever we implemented.
In our next lecture,
we'll focus on implementing SSL.
So I'll see you in the next lecture
after cleaning this up, okay?
So delete -F cube manifests.
So now we have cleared everything.
So mostly everything should get deleted.
Okay, so let me see here and go to load balancer, it's gone.
And then target groups, it's gone.
Okay.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.